# Ice-Cream-Shop-cpluscplus-Console-Based
An ice cream shop which is located in different cities needs to manage its stores.


ICE: An ice-cream shop namely ICE is selling 4 flavors to customers in 5 cities. There are 10 outlets in each
city. The customers are provided with an ID and top 10 regular customers get discount of 5% on family pack from
each outlet. Suppose a customer can only visit one outlet per day. Regular customers become eligible for discount if
they purchase ice-creams of minimum Rs. 2000 within a week and discount offer remains valid for the next week.
Week begins from Sunday and ends on Saturday. Customers are sorted in descending order of their total purchasing
worth. ICE calculates the total profit at the end of each month. Total production cost including tax is 70% of the selling
price. Write a program to cover all details of ICE.

A table with prices is provided as:
      Flavor Size Price
      Mango           Mini Rs.30/-
                      Family Pack Rs.120/-
      Strawberry      Mini Rs.40/-
                      Family Pack Rs.130/-
      Chocolate       Mini Rs.40/-
                      Family Pack Rs.130/-
      Vanilla         Mini Rs.25/-
                      Family Pack Rs.110/-
Add any number of data members in the basic layout provided below or make more structures.
  1. Make a function to calculate weekly purchase by a customer.
  2. Make a function to print the names of top 10 customers in each outlet.
  3. Provide a function to calculate and print the revenue generated by each outlet.
  4. Provide a function to identify and print the age group more likely to receive the discounts.
All the outputs should be displayed in a well-structured manner (e.g. tables).
[Hint]: Consider each iteration as a single day. You can trigger purchases in each outlet randomly.
